[Music]
hi I'm Miriam from BBC good food and
welcome to cocktail hour today I'm going
to be showing you a twist on a Negroni
and in a great cocktail sherry this is a
recipe by rich woods and so you need 25
mils of Campari then the fame of sweet
vermouth and then the same with a
mixture of Sherry's so if you're gonna
make in the chrony the stand way use 25
mils of gin 25 so I want my blend of
Sherry's to give me a really nice
balanced flavor I'm using
Fino I want 25 mils in total so I'm just
gonna add a little splash of the Pinot
and the rest is going to be a
x-parameters now you can use another
sweet sherry that I'll be fine but it's
just that nice blend 25 ml blend of
sherry nice it's really simple
but we're at home I'm just gonna so ice
and then your 25 mils show me blend and
then you need to give it a good stir to
dilute and mix everything together but
I'm going
and yes the mocktail this week I'm gonna
be using grapefruit to give us a bitter
flavor so yes it does it so for that if
I'm gonna use half a grapefruit and what
you want to do is before you do anything
it's just way that because I'm going to
need the same quantities of sugar and
water so this is about 125 grams and
then I've weighed out 125 grams of
caster sugar and then I'll have a
hundred and 25 mils of water so I just
want to chop it up into pieces and I
also want a slice so that will go in the
pan
leave my slice of orange that'll be kind
of fruity flavor and then chia I'm gonna
add three cardamom pods which you just
bruised open them up a little bit and a
pinch of coriander seeds then what that
does when that's cooked in the syrup is
it gives you that kind of herbal notice
than I get from the vermouth so I've
kind of blended the Campari vermouth
mixture in this or cordial and what you
want to do so you have the spices the
grapefruit orange slice and your sugar
and water and cook for about 5 minutes
or so and just sort of smash it with the
with this theme as it's cooking so it'll
be boiling
just cut that fruit to create it make it
really not be syrup
so this is what you're going to end up
with so cooking it for like five minutes
and you can see and just it's broken
down so it kind of bubbles away it's
kind of boiling and when it's on the
heart of it this I'm just left to cool
so this is the syrup that you're left
with most the drinks free based on this
I mean trust me it's got all that lovely
flavor these or the spectrums grow me I
know it's not the same kind of vibrant
color so to finish I'm gonna have 25
mils poured over ice just as if you're
making straightforward raining then
again to lean into that belief
and then just open up flavors
25 mils just plain water because there's
a cordial and then if you want to just
garnish with a slice of orange and there
we are
are you sharing it Brody and the green
one tail